docs: update links (#457)
paritytech/capi: docs/Types.md

As always, our first step is to bring Capi into scope.

```ts
import * as C from "https://deno.land/x/capi/mod.ts";
```

> As an example, let's connect to Polkadot and fetch the chain's metadata for the present highest block.

Author: Is this true? Of is this somehow statically defined in capi?

Reviewer: I'm not sure exactly what you mean. Can you please re-word this question?

Author: Am I correct in assuming that the example here using Polkadot metadat is gathered at ruhtime from the network? So this actually is an RPC call that connects to some default node?

Reviewer 2: > Am I correct in assuming that the example here using Polkadot metadata is gathered at runtime from the network? So this actually is an RPC call that connects to some default node?

Correct

## Discriminating "Ok" from "Error"

```ts
const result = await C.entryRead(C.polkadot)("System", "Account", [key]).run()
```

In this storage read example, `result` is typed as the successfully-retrieved value (container) unioned with all possible errors.

> There are several ways to "unwrap" the inner `value`. The recommended path is to first check for and handle all possible errors, which may encapsulate error specific data (as do [SCALE](https://docs.substrate.io/reference/scale-codec/) validation errors).

Reviewer 2: The referenced validation errors are specific to `scale-ts`:

```suggestion
There are several ways to "unwrap" the inner `value`. The recommended path is to first check for and handle all possible errors, which may encapsulate error specific data (as do [SCALE](https://github.com/paritytech/scale-ts) validation errors).
```
